[Music]
good evening everyone my name is Chad
anything for views and welcome to
another episode of cold ones I'm joined
here today by my lovely co-host max
hello yes halloween [__] that's truly
weeks ago isn't it well it's Halloween
that's not but this episode won't come
out for three when we really slow
we are fat I am today sponsors ah yeah
miss upset over gamma subs GG and he's
cocoa buns for 10% off your order also
if you're among the first 200 people to
claim the sample packs it's a link down
below but only us customers only our
second sponsor tonight once again thank
you break on and also as always cool
shirts and over two shirts with the Z
cool and use code cold ones for temps
enough today's guest is a big fat man
who's been living in my spare room
office for the past two weeks he doesn't
know how to clean up after himself and
he get all that out the way and all my
towels have a [__] lipstick on them
because he keeps filming videos where he
puts lipstick on himself so mad no
[Applause]
[Music]
rollin rollin stop slamming it's settled
boy how was it being out there for five
minutes well my ear on the windowsill
waiting for my hip my name to be called
oh I yelled it for you out you said the
wrong name you're supposed to say daddy
you're 18 I'm 24
that would be why haven't you gone Jonah
show who's Joe Joe gee
[Laughter]
[Applause]
we thinking of that the whole stop years
ago guy see I think you can bro I don't
think you can maybe not in the first
five minutes my might beep those later
on okay you to cut it cut it
stop slamming just I just good suffice
it's gonna be high let's talk about
schizophrenic here we go the first topic
menthol let's go straight into that do
you actually have schizophrenia huh
absolutely cameras look at me up I'm at
yes
don't say that brought James key will
use it against you've been sent he's
been doing this bit all week he says he
forgot his pills or you've been making
that bit you're acting like I put
schizophrenia myself you must just
looked at me dead serious
I don't know where it said you're
laughing that seriously said ready yeah
match you to this you were saying some
[__] about it and everyone asks you you
like no I do I seriously do it's a
problem and then all the times you've
contracted about it I don't know do you
have schizophrenia yes or no it's gonna
be a meme now if I just don't answer it
could be like a big beef just
schizophrenic too mad right let's say
that sorry cut it I need a drink now
Scott is he gonna say please do you say
please Oh intern slaves make drink use
the button don't slam the table like oh
you need to put we need to get like fun
padding for him harm either like he just
gonna have to like fiddle or tap will
make some sort of sound I don't even
leave my room dude I know but I'm like
to bed this morning and he's like and
then I was always a do you loft do you
juggle off just you can't force that he
just screams just makes random noises I
would never do say that would maybe be a
real sign of schizophrenia he may be
schizophrenic tell us about yourself bro
yeah yes so my name is Buddha that's my
real African Wakana name is gonna be
like keemstar peace
what is it plebeian what is it like
demons like little spawns that keeps our
mates to do his bidding his paeans his
peons leaked my name James has a great
friend of Chad over here don't you talk
about Katie to say about that can you
start said he wanted to kill me
really I actually want to kill that do
you want to talk to two Maddie's like
nine will talk to him i can'twe and then
he comes on he's like you talk to her
he's like can't wait for the day I kill
you and I say how are you and just
doesn't say anything just I want to kill
you can't wait for they kill you that's
it
were you looking at me like that you
think it keeps our we're not [__]
stab me in the throat I probably would
you probably would shoot me do you man
Eve lets the anger take control of him I
fed him to sound very angry it was like
getting quiet and raged him sorry he's
very passionate content creator this
drink this next drink is sponsored by
gameis up
a package arrived from Davis ugh sorry
what was that Chad I was just catching
up on the new rice gum video oh man what
are you doing put it away closed laptop
lid no spoilers I haven't seen that one
yet
oh sorry Chad I forgot you're a big rice
gum fan what'd you want to show me
anyway
well max I'm glad you asked is actually
you package from famous ups let's check
it out
game ass ups the zero-calorie kitto
friendly sugar free energy supplement
made from organic caffeine Sam great
formula now with 100 servings instead of
60 for the exact same low price of
$34.99 USD just go to gamma saps Gigi
and use code cold ones for 10% off and
that's not all for the first 200 US
customers you can claim a free sample
pack via the link in the description
below
gameís ups now that's gaming did we have
questions is what people call me I tell
them to call me that do I call you yeah
yeah the most content creators call you
- Mads - they of course they call me -
mad the [__] I want to say [__] mood a
boo boo boo boo I've just been calling
you day I don't think you remember my
name Monday I tell people I some people
still spell day like da wine just goes
clear that way way cooler that way a
night I'm from Canada born there [__]
their xbox their peers for there and it
does what else in my life you know when
you first got here you constantly just
like you actually know that I'm about to
head out me and whenever we went out you
disappear for like 20 to 30 minutes
what's that about why were you just
disappearing I don't notice it dude I
might I might I'm [__] disappearing
into shadow room I don't even realize
this
it's literally cut out of my screen like
it's like been pieced out like film we
went to get the drinks the when was
that was when we're at me no father the
wolf bar at PAX no way when we went to
pick the drinks up with your buddies for
the podcast with pyro oh yeah we went in
to get the drinks for about like a
couple of minutes and came out and
you're just disappeared why maybe I want
to go [__] it what did you actually get
the drinks and I came out like he's gone
oh [__] he's disappeared ago you know
where he's gone I'll be straight honest
dog [__] moment absolutely I [__]
went to get the sandwich I couldn't find
the sandwich see now this I was Japan
I've been to Canada
the sandwich is always in every store I
went over there it was [__] a
7-eleven sandwich off the shelf over
there was just [__] like some lady
with a [__] knife
we have sandwiches here and yeah I had
to do a [__] Google search on where
the [__] sandwiches were I found one
sandwich oh [__] was [__] garbage I
threw in the garbage and made sure
nobody looked at me Wallace [__]
littering oh it was a sandwich so I
don't think littering is throwing in the
bin well I threw one of them in the
other one I took like out cuz it was a
[__] sandwich so did the gray I just
put in a bush I fed my waiter
I fed my brothers at the bush broke okay
we're past the 10-minute review mom okay
so I was looking for you [__] they
only review the first ten minutes I
don't know
no you can say what you want cuz whose
beep it yeah okay yeah it's [__]
Susan huh you know the secrets I don't
want to talk about it to you openly but
that is the sacred it's beep the first
couple minutes and the review of guys to
look at it's light yeah looks good we
talked about the [__] sandwich he
calling about your sandwich Louis give
us a sandwich law I was looking for you
I swear to God I looked for you I look
she through the [__] mall nothing
more whatever the [__] that was my it
was a small corner store aisle looking
around I couldn't find you consoles like
my [__] brain was like oh [__] dude
[__] it must have left so instead of
calling or texting anyone to be like
good girl I have your phone
you couldn't have called me
your Twitter on your phone you could
tweet oh that's so gay cuz I'm looking
for max and here yeah but I don't want
to call him Chad to like do a three-way
[__] thing that you're supposed to stay
away you [__] where instead of
venturing off I knew they'd be inside
I'm telling you dude it was a [__]
mode when I say [__] moment I really
mean a [__] moment I cool Matt Scoles
me guys we've lost him again man he's
coming back contact disconnection so I
call him I'm like where the [__] is like
heading back all right well that max
near you need to help Karen [__]
[__] I swear to god it's hard we've
linked it on this topic for way too long
can we move on to the word Hickey [__]
house quickly say listening to him talk
and interact with someone else who's
saying things reminds me of his videos
and how just [__] chaotic the editing
is you'd sound you like that person in
real life as well
you're just saying random things while
he's talking whenever I'm in public I'll
do it [__] absolutely
when I was at twitchcon everyone who
hadn't hung out with me always thought I
was [__] idiot they liked me because
I introduced like the gameís ops rope
that's funny if they knew you are but if
you're meeting at the game of sub skies
pretty chilly introducing the game of
sub skies you're so confused and they
just disappears again I don't know the
folks were only be it's just autism
retardation what is [__] autism and
schizophrenia
everything I've dementia Alzheimer's
retardation Xbox one peer support what
is this you press the button please by
the Bross
hey guys how's it going I hope you're
enjoying the podcast ever since we did
the episode with PewDiePie Max and Chad
have become kind of too famous to do
their own ad raids so I'm gonna do this
one it's for rake on they may have
phones so I thought what better way to
make a headphone out than to listen the
headphones so I realized it's immoral to
free music for a bit feel free to join
in have some fun this should be a good
ad raid right we go why the [__] did you
say anything I was [__] screaming at
you what are you doing really you're
just trimming at me yes yeah these are
pretty good at noise cancelling that's
awesome
hey what's up doing the ad right now
yeah I'm doing the ad 3 I listen to the
headphones ok just fill it in post bro
fill it in post
let's do in close one premium audio but
don't want to pay premium prices Raik on
earbuds silver superior audio quality
without breaking the bank and they're
truly wireless which means no annoying
cords if you head to this site right now
you'll make it just in time for their
amazing Black Friday deals so if you'd
like cold ones and want to support the
show head to the link into the
description and check out ray cots
amazing Black Friday deals and once
again thank you Rankin for supporting
this episode popular popular demand and
Susan T monetizing our last video and
sending it to the shadow realms we've
all decided to bring back the bow hickey
Cup now this is a rare occurrence it's
only for my favorite guests bro but
basically the rule is if you break any
tos or say anything that could be deemed
D monetizable you put a little bit of
your drink in there and at the end of
the night whoever broke the most rules
has to drink the deionization give me
try Scott Scott
you're on my side right sheet I will
play the boss sound effect when someone
see how much money you want to put on a
hat just the job right I'm a diver I'm a
dive into something that I'm a little
bit passionate about I'm quite an
eSports nerd myself eating and used to
make overwatch videos with people I know
not that I ever saw your videos it must
have been really low-end garbage but
tell us about that what was your first
venture into YouTube it was it the
overwatch videos
absent [__] Luke no I mean I'd used
to do you two but everyone else and do
[__] [__] [__] but what was your
like what was your like bright like I'm
getting views now I met this guy he's my
best Bruno's 37 years old came my house
and he was trying to study pharmacy
comes in he's 37 years old what no one I
was like [__] 15 this sounds like a
pedophile how's it no so he was living
with me and he was like all right bro
you fat work what are you doing just yes
kids are giving him skits or more drinks
I contracted did something from him same
thing form the same thing continued to
man I caught him in one chad's happen
okay gave him the sprite and kept it
chef who's your favorite character on
the video game overwatch on the PC
freezer because she's [__] lesbian
can we just can I just cover the
question you're all pissing me off
tonight we get jungkook on the podcast
we've gotta guess we don't need Jong
Kook jungle good hunch about this is a
beard you [__] [__] wait what is it what
is it what is it what do you do job I
literally bought that because it said
Jonah really yeah last time on the par
upset massive nipple here where's your
big break on YouTube when we like bra so
I was living with this guy and he was
like all right bro you heard you did
computers that's what my dad would tell
people cuz cringe nor me and he was like
alright you're fat lets me work out he's
my role model I told his ass y'all are
making this video I have no [__] subs
on YouTube but once I'm done it it'll
take a couple weeks I'm losing oh poor
sob is this Fox definitely a porn you
mix yes well that's the point
that's disgusting this is fun it's poor
a bit more none I'm off the drug I had
no subs but I knew at this moment when I
had no sobs I was just like [__] 15
year old in the car
going to the gym my [__] role model I
was like bro making this video about
Lucia it's where I jump around like
[__] [__] and I think once I do it
I will blow up like crazy and he's like
okay bro
absolutely he believes in me I was like
I made the video put on reddit and then
read it was like I'm about to head in
and then they shut up [__] that's a good
era to be a youtuber in or you can make
content that read it will just [__]
give you gratification on you though
it's it they do but it gives certain
people the chance to sit down and go you
know I don't have a lot of subs make
this fantastic video you can kind of
bait ready into just giving you [__]
views you start making these videos
where I [__] edit the [__] out of
them in [__] [__] my pants eventually
I made enough money I went to my dad and
I was like yo I'm doing [__] at school
let me leave I was 16 I like about a
head out and I headed out the cameraman
I headed out and I [__] what did your
dad say to you said I'm Lee I'm when I
when I told my dad wanna do YouTube use
like you both my mom and that enjoyed
that and I was like once I start making
money and they're like oh [__] I can't
pay the bills like I got you fam leaving
school I left school computer all day
every day [__] why the [__] I didn't say
anything don't say the r-word on the
YouTube
I'm not tricky that crazy
oh yeah 30 I have a pot that's already
lose weight gets the top but I think old
parents like cuz they're boomers men
that I don't understand I like you make
money on the inside like that much I
have the exact same problem my parents
yeah your dad right it's like a balance
for the simultaneously trying to look
out for you and support it's like you're
[__] dumb kid you know you don't
gonna make anything out of this I want
you to you know get an education then
maybe blah blah blah even [__] get it
but like later I didn't even have subs
and I knew I blow up I just do it's
definitely a risk but it's a risk worth
taking
I was in school I did was get [__] in
fights constantly and just [__] do
nothing everyone surveys it's the most
requested gentleman like just finished
school like it's not going anywhere no I
[__] that not always eats officially
if you're like me school I guarantee you
high school it's not getting in the way
of your making a YouTube via the Pens
high school probably finish that kid you
tubers are they all still gone literally
like 24/7 reality showing these [__]
kids drawing on paper the recording that
[__] ryan toysreview reckon he goes to
school
he's [__] work lay a Chinese slave
for short company let me go get Ron's
toy review on here and drink [__]
milk won't even sit it'll [__] fall
off the chair
oh well the [__] baby we can't bring
clown in the room when he's [__] do
when he turns 10 they're gonna be like
yo you made 10 million dollars he's
still gonna be [__] to [__] to
understand he goes to school yo I just
made a million today these like the
other cuz parent the parents yeah you
can't even have a channel at that I just
I think it's 16 and over is like or
maybe it's beyond in their actual Terms
of Service has to go to the parents or
someone you know he's gonna make League
I mean obviously this it'd be funny if
they just in the same thing without a
base when he started earning money I was
going to his parents but I am yeah oh
yeah he connected up
yeah mom's bank account something I feel
ID on mine yeah my age was [__]
because everyone used to make an older
account so they could watch 18 plus
videos on eg too so my actual account
it's like 30-something years old or
something like that and I thought that
was gonna [__] me when I applied for
partnership because it was assault
[__] wrong with the information that
before yeah normal thing that people
just don't like when they look at like
okay so obviously if it's edge but not
even look into it
Susan had us on that one she led us
through the [__] fake it yes so far
Susan plant some trees right 200,000
trees man I'm with 500 million mystic
based has krons anyway that is not a
beast I'm gonna treat that hey what
actually happens okay no man I'm not
going on that tangent nice about the
Crohn's but no this is about to become
your control so I'm gonna do it anymore
take give me a normal job to clean the
[__] table I wanna be a normal person
or get work I want to be a cog in the
system I just want to be a cog the
question child I forgot what I was gonna
say mr. bass has Crohn's disease
you want to drink it Scott you Scott you
counting memory brain big brain small
drink anyway well you guys have it play
that a brain training game of the days
he's [__] Sudoku and weird number
games she's supposed to increase you do
what the [__] was that Sir John you had
a question
what was it no I don't think I did I
think I will mister based you planted a
ton of trees bro what else bro go on
spit it out I'm gonna talk to the guy
just tell us man what is it between me
and me Bo turn the cameras let's just
say if you came on you you could
probably couldn't be partaking ginger
Joe I just want to be a good hos always
see comments like Chad you're not asking
enough questions now he's [__] know
why so good too good mental health the
[__] is you was gone already
good good girls oh no more whiskey shots
that [__] tastes oh they're gonna throw
up
oh hey give me a minute that was just
why was that whisk what whiskey was then
like that Scott pointed us we're about
to go to bed real soon Scott what
whiskey was that right yo Scott what was
that ah ha you know I used to really
love shovels or shivers the whiskey but
ever since I got doing this podcast I
drink it every podcast and I [__]
hate it I hate [__] so you thought you
just thought you got a big break on
overwatch vids did a couple fortnight
vids why made you transition over watch
the rainbow 6 which is a big jump like
transition tea for those two games is
massive so I jump from those two games
they do it well like did I yeah very
well transition perfectly and it
transition I did some fortnight bits
those did fine
sponsored my first foreigner video and
then it went from there and I just kept
meeting with one bill for a video just
constantly with the meme edits all
console yeah and what what transitions
are doing they all they uh mean the meme
edits I got to like some point with
YouTube Rose like I [__] hate editing
these videos but if I don't put up these
memes we sorry we not be anonymous at
that point I hadn't my voice was not in
the videos at all I had like 800 K sobs
no voice at all did you face reveal on
why he was streaming yes yes it was like
he was saying oh this is very weird or I
never showed my face and I tried it once
I put a video like later on way later on
and I got lost sobs cause of it like
nobody gives a [__] about my face oh
just really good can't go wrong there
absolutely well ii-i've seen a lot of
your stuff and but I didn't realize it
was your stuff so the Lincoln Memorial
thing I'm on Twitch there was a lot of
stream files clip I saw ages ago so it's
six months it's been six months now
right since that happened I remember
seeing that but I didn't know what's
from you instrument we tell them the
other day where you explain what
happened because you explain what that
linkin morris president you know what
that is but the clip of the lincoln
memorial meme up on the screen tell us
about that cuz that's funny so that was
that was post face to be I ended up like
just to get video I was [__] on
YouTube at Twitter what to twitch
streaming was I'm gonna do this for a
whole year I was pretty good at it if I
kept going I probably would have hit
where like 10k Annie we were like my
tree was getting that point if I had
like I hated streaming so I did anyways
looking memorial at some point near when
I lost partner some [__] I was doing
like this [__] meme rose I want to do
something new on stream so I started
bringing on viewers some guy comes on
he's drunk and he's got like alcohol is
that I'll drink whatever you watched we
gonna stop he's just some college
student and I bet she's like you know
I'll go to the Lincoln Memorial pull out
my phone use my mobile data and to come
onto your stream and I will go to
Lincoln Memorial and climate he said
that he wanted to do that I was like I
want to see that we funny [__] back in
my mind I was like I'm about to lose my
75% of my revenue which that had that
happen and he goes and he [__] he's
streaming he jumps up and he's like I
need him he had a ball with alcohol
right he just climbs it and it's like I
did it guys I was like no you need I
wanted him to break that [__] bottle
on the monument
the details of this story yes I was like
you I was like I was like how can I get
this thumb drunk [__] [__] we just
climb the link in mammalian like massive
[__] theater is it audible you
encouraging I was like this with my
orange [__] up t-shirt and I like
sweat yeah he was so dumb he was going
up like Indian guys in 7-eleven be like
I'm [__] [__] dude like I'm sorry
I'm sorry be [__] [__] [__] go
tell your dogs is your dog some random
like cause dude so me being a [__]
idiot and wanting content I was like a
beast [__] [__] yeah I think be so funny
if he broke it on mine he managed
splashed everywhere so I was like he had
a whole bar alright it was like you
drunk [__] toss it up I'll give you
$200 if you catch it I'll sit up in the
air and if you catch it I'll give you to
our doors ah sup catches it
[__] cuz I do it again and I'll keep you
if they do together is like Oh cuz you
get him in the back guys he set down his
photo-ready he catches it said I um tour
doors I [__] I would die cuz I didn't
break it I wanted to break it so [__]
bad he didn't and then eventually the
cops show up some lady and then a guy in
cops are like yo the [__] you doing
right cuz they're like why is
[__] climbing my boy Lincoln
monument is this old straight part is
this like the strode yes he just went
out like I was on joined army which is
just the website where people do just
like you know let's call each other and
it meets like this scored boys go yeah
he's just a random viewer cuz random
people can request the Jordan he gets
arrested Cobb scoped his phone shut it
off and boom its history from there that
kid was so annoying I wanted to kick him
off the second he came on he's just like
this weird [__] guy like well jeez
what you want he wanted caught so much
and all you do is like look at chat and
you like Chad stop Kobe [__] like
and ironically like telling Chad don't
call me [__] like that type of [__]
like that's gonna stop them I gotta call
you [__] [__] cuz you're [__]
[__]
and you lost your partnership because of
that awesome partnership and like I was
so stupid I was like this night [__] I
was like I was gonna lose my [__] like
that I thought it would go viral though
so I was like oh yeah it's worth it dude
this is the best viral as it could live
street value because you got banned from
Twitter recently but if you're like just
this reckless what happens if you did
you lose your YouTube no absolutely I am
pretty [__] reckless like would you
be [__] destroyed if I just want to
so I want to be so reckless that so
quality to the point where I could lose
everything and still be good I just like
you gotta kill you so for your OP I
won't [__] let you commit suicide on
the [__] memorial won't do no suicide
forest
maybe something bordering that no
suicide forest something [__] for the
content I just wanted you sound good
[__] overtime I'll be less reckless you
should you should not push those
boundaries on you on YouTube bro I
shouldn't you should keep this is
pushing the boundaries monetizing
alcoholism like I don't know how worse
you can get maybe pedophilia where the
[__] is your gonna lose this anyway like
[__] you guys have filled this [__] up
yeah that's a free pool by the way
shoutout to us good strategy Susan one
akiza and then you just let her face
poor company sent us a bunch of beers
and we asked for size cuz max and - Matt
don't drink beers and they just sent us
beers I am a game you're my dick feelin
so what was it like when you started
using your face and then you could I'll
use that as a tool to do any no I would
never show my face I'll be like oh
they're gonna call me black and fan show
that never show my face they call me
black they sound like a white guy right
certain things I was waiting I thought
was weird so if I chose like [__] this
so stupid I want to show my face cuz I
know even though like right after I show
my face it wasn't like some crazy
[__] manifestation
after I was like I know I could [__]
make some great content I was like I was
looking at appeal like Taiwan I was like
I wash the compilation the night before
I'd never show my face and just like in
one day one video watch the Taiwan video
I was like [__] I've seen it a million
times already the same video like I
could do this whole thing better I need
to show my [__] face I'm just
restricting myself a [__] [__] play
overwatch with nothing my boys although
my voice is really good constantly I had
a second channel blowing out because of
it if you have the balls to do it like I
think that is a unique like aspect of it
in general because a lot of people don't
want to put themselves out there like as
much as you do yeah so look at that and
go like that's what I can do this better
I went from like I don't want to show
anything to like not my voice I kinda
wanna throw my voice but like I just
couldn't I didn't I couldn't be [__]
so putting my ass crack out and next
probably be my [__] dick
he was like if I get my Twitter account
back I will leak my day yeah that's what
that's right yeah I'm surprised he got
through the back I thought I was gone Oh
everybody everywhere everyone just
reached out to contacts and then
eventually it just came back I guess
enough people screamed what happened I
literally got an email I appeal it's
when I peeled I killed two times already
I was like bawling and this is the
result
good balling by god [__] damn right
now pain on my [__] youtubes pain I'm
so glad I removed the video app so glad
it's over with the recent one absolutely
really okay present why did you fully go
through with the whole thing I do in
because I'm a [__] I've never had
that type of [__] so you're just
acting like emotionally and was just
like yes at the end of the day like I
was on the Border's I saw the comments
on his Twitter longer I was like is
there really retards everything the [__]
cuz I would say like we changed the
effort you know getting big I think the
opposite I didn't she I've been the same
the whole [__] time
I just showed my face you can't get rid
of schizophrenia yes this [__] this
is the most chaotic man I think I've
ever met let's be real it's probably
like some sort of like variation of ADHD
but people like to say it's easily a
disability just for all my ATH people
it's a [__] superpower Kanye West's
ADHD all the realest [__] a
baby sheep it's a [__] superpower
your brain goes faster I'll continue
with the James Kiehl aw I hate drama
it was so useless it's [__]
disgusting it's it's useless it does as
well because I've been in not nowhere
near as bad as that but like I know when
you make it a video and he's like this
is everything that's out there and then
they make something back and it's just
like it never ends unless you retract or
ignore it or you just have to keep going
until it's like at that point it's like
mob mentality of who has the biggest
who's gonna believe what his minions are
always gonna believe like whatever he
says James gone now bowling alley let me
just cut off the Jeep's the meme is I
wish I could take it back I wish it
never happened because even though I
came out on top hands down his were
useless it [__] up my just a stain it
doesn't add to anything it just it's
stupid I'm not the type first gonna go
with the drama drama so so stupid
I just felt it's [__] crazy but I'm
glad that it happened to some degree
because I like to learn about how drama
works and then I could avoid it
thank you congratulations good grant
well they figured Rama had a fight with
him too like the festival week of him
being here yeah you guys are very heated
even when I was staying in that Airbnb
you guys were going at it like we've
been fine since then I'm happy that's
part of that's part of the [__] moment
well I can see I can honestly see why
James he was mad at you but I've wasn't
for the same [__] he didn't get to know
you because like what did you hang out
with him why I bought lots of games with
him I mean a big library Emily in real
life is different yeah just once like
you cuz you guys were very
confrontational mean for a good couple
of days and then I was like once you got
to know each other and that hasn't
happened I mean for the time you've been
staying with me we haven't had any
problems besides just you not knowing
how to like do something just the fact
that I'm a young baby that's it he's
already returned that way if I tell you
to do something and I tell you how to do
it you'll go do it you might be like nah
man [__] love you but man just let it
soak in the ROG so if we're talking
about what the experience would be being
here I got explained this can is the
realest [__] all [__] time this is a
good I like this arc it's better than
seeing you guys follow I mean I think
it's front-row tickets to a sumo
wrestling I think it's kind of [__]
to let people you haven't known for a
while into your house but Chad did it
and he did well he's a hospitable man
yeah absolutely anyone stay with chad is
a [__] good-hearted person I
appreciate him for what he's done for me
so far Thank You Chad Shea claps the
check this is cringe I need to piss okay
welcome to the next segment of the
podcast after piss break where we show
piece of paper that Scott gave us hey
welcome to Scott gives us pieces of
paper segment I have some pieces of
paper for you
now you're gonna see this thumbnail it's
gonna be of one of your videos you're
gonna tell me what the title of that
video is if you get it wrong you're
gonna have to take a drink Scott
we drink okay video is this you have to
guess area 51's
[Applause]
[Music]
what's the okay what is it then what's
the [__] okay smoker I got it like
that yeah yeah don't just hold them up
like this literally YouTube podcaster
list I showed everyone the office this
video because you had cold ones in it
already confronted you about this
do you know what VPN no with nor DPN
with [__] Xbox ps4 now why'd you put
us in the lowest category on the tier
list man I don't think that were
randomly messaging us science I think it
was a parody pianist I don't think it
followed real she literally died for
putting this in my ease eyes are dotting
back doesn't just gets a friend your bro
I think I've seen things what is this
one what is this one it's time to stop
keemstar do you mean by this dude drink
dramaalert nation with did you're good
at this everyone know this yeah of
course in my [__] my [__] video I
uploaded it and put it first it's like
asking me how long my dick is 1 inch
it's easy cuz I know it it's fine Oh
drink to that is this one him do you
Matt versus the cost of my life this is
[__] easy bro why didn't you explain
this to me he'd told it to me but well
who see I'm not the idiot for once
alright what do you mean by that when
you cast off with the police what I
created the time when my sister call the
cops to me for cuz I somebody ate her
cheesy bread but it wasn't me but I
think she just painted forgot she hated
she busted through my door three my was
watching a summer I do want to tell
anybody but now I have to because James
keeps [__] me the ass okay tell us
about this one what inspired you to make
this so there's a tearless meme going
around I was like [__] YouTube
podcasts or everywhere and I gotta make
it okay just for the record old ones is
probably the best out of all of them
okay maybe compete Joe Rogan Thanks
[__] bald he was about to [__]
molding ass that's way we've had there's
a lot I was saying I said there's a lot
of bald youtubers hey that's still a
bowl episode where we shave our heads
for charity I don't think I'll do that
already I did that for a stream a bribe
and yeah yeah I should go off I'm good
to say that I put egg in it and then I
shared it off I was [__] up towards a
picture of that
it's probably somewhere I put Pokemon
makeup on I sent it the pokey Mindy my
own stream she opened up all she is
the two men face reveal what was this
that was when I faced her that was
literally like I went from one day like
I've never shown it to like [__] it
I wake up I was like I'm showing it it
was so hard to have this mask on I was
like am I really doing this
[__] it I took it I was like so weird I
had to add a Slurpee and [__] I had
the [__] power that like a black
balaclava you had on hey [__] you
remember how'd you take off and that was
why that was why I was training and then
you turn it into a highlight and put on
YouTube yeah cuz everyone was to see my
face cuz my voice was always like it was
had like either white or Mexican mostly
white areas like bro your voice I think
that's the default thing for if you
don't like in the YouTube comments that
I've seen for anonymous people it's like
if it's anyone of Kawa they're always
like this is not what I expected this is
not what I expected this is no sections
race merit and Canada's probably why
dude it would grow up around white
people you're gonna sound like white
people also you do sound like a white
person yeah according to my comments
section on the vlog Hey just very white
people accents it's just a lit is actors
on TV and stuff like that are all like
predominately American and they just
sound like but when you put when you
integrate at black oh [__] but when you
integrate a black actor into unscreened
performance they always act like the
role model of like it's a setting racist
what was this one called oh [__] this
one's hard okay he doesn't know about a
seat because you're [__] hold it like
a [__] that's a pretty new one yo this
is some [__] I mean I would drink
anymore goodnight god I put that
jeopardy music oh yeah jeopardy
come on bro the clocks running out broke
[Music]
Kate kpop stands are guys Chad are you
drinking that it's hot I give a [__] is
no way I'm losing this oh yeah I should
encourage that have a stab kpop stance
must stop or something that is not oh
what the [__] is this whatever [__]
would do that the buzzer sounded when he
gets it wrong I got you this you hai
decider you I'm not sure if you already
know what it is
you're lying Scott body no I bought this
in because you like Rainbow six sure the
[__] it's a [__] rapist exciter are
you it's real no you [__] you printed
this Oh Ubisoft sent me a big crate they
sent a bunch of Australians a big thing
for nothing about Rainbow six but this
was this unit Australian DLC oh yeah I
know in Australia yeah yeah Ubisoft guys
first rally they sent out care packages
to be soft bottom and I was a bunch of
solder and beers in a big boy yeah I
saved them and I was like I know some of
you likes that game you might want to
try this sorry
Ubisoft you [__] retards you can't
even you hack it you have a Huskers does
he even have any left it's good to try
it tell us what you think I love you
you swore to me you [__] is that
better than anything you've drunk do not
the [__] is this a tepee you live just
be a local random to this mspaint don't
lie no that's real that was from Ubisoft
what the [__] this is a this is listen
it's gonna leak isn't it there's a hole
in the bottom no it's it's meant to put
cooler oh yeah I was gonna pour it in
mm-hmm yeah what's with the kpop thing
all right so I was tweeting about Cape
option everyone is getting their dicks
heartily I'm a [__] make this song so
I did that's about it
I [__] dressed up as a [__] belt
if you were where did your say let's
come at the kpop thing is annoying fan
base it's an easy [__] clap it's like
easy [__] shafting easy meme to take
advantage of and I thought I liked it
too it's [__] pissing is it because
the stands respond to everything and
it's like oh just [__] do anything
it's a mess it's like [__] like it's
literally like if you if you drank like
a million gallons of water and you had a
toilet in front of you woody to piss
yeah your piss
it's like there's bars in front of me
I'm gonna [__] [__] on you in a video
drink the [__] job Chad as an actual
alcoholic will I die from that or not no
you'll throw up well I I mean open your
house what's gonna happen you're gonna
kill me okay pokers give me that [__] no
no wait all right start sipping it you
if you sip it you won't throw up start
sipping it here you go you've lost but
you're Gordon we drank a lot more than
on this podcast yeah you'll be fine
you don't go this route from I'm gonna
[__] die but I saw that much not that
much she pays your bills bro because you
don't piss [__] all I know is she would
not make juice world drink that [__]
job absolutely she would suck him off
slurp the common then [__] [__] it
out and then eat again drinking should
be okay because it tastes like right out
of ten we've actually given him too much
about now because he's already has it
there's no consequence for him going
[__] did I even lose you probably won
you're [__] definitely why you
probably [__] why I'm surprised I get
so good
I've been a good boy you [__] Parkers
but this is make a definite loss Aaron
we better share them what you want to
share you drink with the black man what
do you like this at all but if you want
some beside me some
share the nectar man Moses adding this
bit sharing the [__] basket gave a
substance fantastic mix Chad taste that
[__] I like that taste like the best
drink I've had tonight it's definitely
good its best drink it this is a reward
not a punishment you must drink it bro
it's gameís ups beer Joe mama outsider
insert right here a sausage dog talking
about concrete what's he saying he said
look up here bro what's he saying cement
that's concrete baby that's just fat
it's like he's just spitting straight
fellow cement is wet concrete that's
like saying water is ice oh shut up bird
bird it's a dog boy doesn't have a
concept of [__] like things not part
of concrete gang anymore concrete is
solid cement is wet he's what do see me
yes you're opening up old can of [__]
worms if I start the [__] is water
wet promise yo is syrup a sauce come on
chief oh [__] come on super Sayan
category I don't want to give my chief
it's a sauce or no concrete boy let's
get some information out about this man
okay ask him another question that we
can get yeah good [__] from before he
becomes the head bed mean come from
I know we can Skype tonight but that's
alright good night girl
Oh perfect sir Emmet okay so basically I
was [__] tired of [__] one night I
was like I need to go to bed you know
after it's one of those nights where you
jerk off like four nights you were
actually tired and getting ready oh yeah
I was [__] Tara's about to go to bed
I just like I don't know where this mean
I was in bed already laying down about a
go bed I was like meme comes my head is
saying it wouldn't be funny if I just
like stood up and like in front of
camera I was like [__] like as far as
hard as I can just [__] flip my legs
under [__] flat dive onto the bar
like sure yourself absolutely [__] my
arm it was [__] for a week it felt
like I [__] up a nerve or some [__]
what microphone or audio effect you use
4920 was that c920 webcam is just
complete [__] I tweeted she tweeted
not long ago I feel about picking up a
webcam what was that in about EB Games
how's that EB Games I was looking for
that webcam I got my literally sigh
literally as EB Games and JB hi-fi
sitting there for 30 minutes I was
looking for the camera I couldn't find
it they had one though scene I was
looking for the c920 you're looking for
the camera based on its part it's one of
the quality being it's completely [__]
I was like I need this mic about a head
out
indeed this [__] microphone so I look
for it and it's not there and the c920
too is there I was like so I'm in
[__] JB hi-fi which is just those
that gamestop my name my name is fix a
microphone I found the happy
say into a bottle it sound like
soundbite right right right I feel like
the echo makes it sound more real we
make that a clip where the [__] did Chad
gun
the [__] guy go I think you're in the
middle of telling the story ye yeah I
was that game so I can continue I was I
was in [__] electronic store for a
literally an hour just on my phone
trying to figure out if this webcam that
they had the clothes when they have
sounds just a [__]
it has to be [__] garbage okay how do
you look up that as a feature boy I was
searching up every combination of c920
to person I know I've been like my
quality test like I was in the story I
listen to audio because I had no your
boat you're probably the only person
who's ever looked for that online like
what which webcam sounds the worst [__]
sound garbage yeah well you go to bed
real soon so I need a good [__] yes so
you're in line you're looking for the
webcam yes and it's like [__] I can't
find it it came to the point where they
came up to me like those are UK your
phone is going nuts you're sitting there
for like 30 minutes already
they're just doing nothing looking at
the same [__] cameras like what are
you doing as I all right I couldn't find
it I left and I go to another store and
they had the same camera and I go for
the guy I'm like I was buying something
like a microphone and I tell him you had
the c920 is like oh my let me check on
the back in the inventory sheet real
quick he's like the kid beside me as
demons he's got schizophrenia and it's
like eventually just rainy yeah I was
like no I think I will I was like front
of the guy am it's just the my quality
is really [__] bro really [__] bad
good mean are you using the video at all
or is it literally just a record voice I
mean I can use the video but it really
[__] oh you're using a webcam where's
a microphone only is that possible to
emulate by this aid me oh it's actually
not it's better together
I feel like you're making a movie where
they're like no we need to my walks in
with the [__] webcam on the best
camera in the world but the micro gotta
be c920 absolu online you needed it
immediately I wanted dude I'll surely is
[__] but I can't even find the website
for Amazon first really [__] [__]
so I was like I gotta go to the store I
got a little [__] Doncaster that's
that's [__] that's the mean behind the
webcam garbage my go to bed so I was
really sad like story about [__] too
hard I made that mean was taking me so
far like look at me I'm already here
right on cold ones and that's literally
if we had to quantify its cuz the
goodnight girl meme well [__] that
stupid [__] get me are you saying once
you once you did the fight reveal needed
that that's at the moment absolutely
good step of like your career with
anybody that seen me from the beginning
knows that me sure my face was
definitely the best decision I've ever
made [__] life I had already been way
successful without my face or voice at
all it's completely anonymous I was like
I go into phases like it was like a slow
build but and then like the face and
being able to do anything you want it's
just like yeah now I can actually just
go wake up good you short thing on my
shirts let's get my with you is you are
you actually gone like every morning you
wake up and every day you're like every
day he's like to make China needed to
film this or I need your help from in
this or I want to film this can I use
you for it every day you want to film
something I could work way harder
honestly I could I've been lazy but like
I don't know like you play I know you've
been playing some games here and there
but every day you're like I feel bad I
didn't film something that's a good work
I think that's something most people at
18 years old don't [__] have if you
don't have the balance though as well if
you burn yourself out that's even one
absolutely I use a lot of people just
like work work work work I'm depressed
I'm not doing anything now [__] all of
it about today was like I can finally
stream again so you're like excited
about being able to [__]
you can make money again yeah like I get
another chance at it cuz like the idea
is just like I [__] up so many times
it's like I show you get good at it like
I [__] up my tuition all that I get to
be reckless it's like as long as I don't
[__] cope leash kill myself I should
be good and I can use that time being
young as well
yes yourself in doing [__] whatever I
get to do whatever the [__] I want
really like I mean as long as it doesn't
kill me I'm [__] baby don't just do
not get your YouTube deleted oh I'm
gonna keep that [__] keep the [__]
[__] I'm gonna lose it
ladies all [__] man am I not as handle
you [__] Croghan you try dude come on
man when we're are the a B&B in LA
giving you underaged edibles we say that
you you [__] you you took those
edibles like a champ and we will go out
and drink you know how to drink it's
kind of all these that's true
if he was a [__] skinny dude he'd
probably be [__] I was definitely go to
bed twice yeah I'm the [__] gonna
been yeah I was really tired and I
thought it was really [__] funny if I
just flew over backwards so I start
setting [__] up I start putting like
perfect angles but like cargo box just
like to position the camera put it all
together over my head any AB OBS start
recording and I record myself doing the
whole thing it was a one take one take
cuz I really just thought I was like a
one off a [__] me like it's like
that's just the way I am like when I
have like some stupid [__] idea what
she really wasn't like crazy ideas just
like some stupid [__] I cannot go to bed
until I finish that [__] meme so I
was like I have to do it our sucks cuz
like once I get the idea I'm like I
don't do it I do everything so far it's
like one of those moments right one of
those bro moments so I start first take
off my shirt I'm wearing my shorts I got
my sock something about head in and I
[__] get I do it and one take it's
got good night girls see tomorrow I
didn't know what the [__] I was saying
I'll just like alright so I was like
when I turned out the cameras or
recording I was like say something
[__] stupid at some it wasn't
scripted you would just like it was like
a general idea I'm just gonna [__]
roll with it
I'm bout a head in like it's the idea
what the general idea was like 'hey boy
you're a boy like a [__] cringer and I
was like alright but I go to bed you
Skype you know
goodnight door [__] yeah this is crucial
[Music]
kids and when they take yeah it's a
class like a [__] moment like honestly
like whatever I have an idea so it was
like [__] like why will [__] with
somebody say because he boys [__] and
just fall backwards like a [__] as
hard as they can like it's not a good
idea it's not engineered to be funny
it's not like anything [__] humorous
it's literally just a [__] [__]
thing well I think it was auntie Carmen
boy you were saying it but you were
taken back by how that specifically was
the one that went big oh yeah because it
is it is random there's a complete like
all the mean complex this when grandes
was putting dollars that was put in
[__] light if enough and you're
putting putting out enough content like
something is gonna happen they don't
have it exactly you're never gonna pick
which one it's gonna be it's just gonna
be like just like constantly putting a
quality original [__] and that's it
that's where what I was saying before
about having the balls to do it if a lot
of people wouldn't even bother to do it
cuz I that's not good enough
sure if you're just like doing constant
different things or whatever and you
have you just hit a random thing also
some people weren't constantly posts and
posts their ideas constantly cuz I won't
do [__] good didn't get retraction
but then like one will blow up if they
keep doing it like they keep blowing up
keep going up keep blowing up you forget
Beauty pie I did it right Beauty parties
watch that video multiple times what how
did that make you feel when you saw um
PewDiePie honestly didn't know that much
because I knew i disguise dudes [__]
guy a walk I thought it was like it's
the same is way bigger than me like like
people know this meme people like
literally like my little brother who
nobody goes to school and he hears
people saying goodnight girl I see
everywhere like I realized that those
mean was way [__] bigger than I think
it is people know that mean but they
don't know who I am and she's one of
those moments right it's just a viral
thing so it went viral so when I saw it
on PewDiePie it didn't surprise me at
all I got put on Twitter and I said but
what I'm saying is was it was it cool
surely was it cool truly were like pity
pot that's cool
shut the [__] up chiming to young boy
like not men on it it was a little more
like it was more like I knew everyone
knows that pewdiepie was like - like a
[__] Wow
anyone knows any pies in n-word
I know that PewDiePie is like a person
who would just [__] put whatever the
[__] he wants like it doesn't matter so
I ate puts up everything like memes and
Twitter and reddit so I getting on there
it's like but it's a cool it's a cool
thing I couldn't come on bro awesome
it's so cool but like it's not like
because it was going everywhere like you
gotta realize like when I seen it I've
seen it everywhere
i don't--what even desensitized it was
like it was here you're here you're here
everywhere everyone's seen it so it's
already hard for me to grapple with it
you know I mean I don't know [__] I
know I just thought like PewDiePie is
like yeah PewDiePie watches memes all
the times
balint to see it yeah I mean so I was
like a real humble it's yeah it's nice
but PewDiePie is literally like the only
person like it's just a coincidence that
the guy who would watch things that like
that is also number one like Beauty post
or real one and he's number one for
those two together it's awesome that
he's number one but like he's I don't
[__] say it dude like if you were to
wash you in your video it'd probably be
bigger than PewDiePie is that being in
PewDiePie videos I got a bit of a stiffy
really cool I think it's always cool cuz
it's the forefront of YouTube it's like
the most almost the most respected thing
by all genres like everyone obviously
knows PewDiePie everyone's seen the
[__] me Maury so I had all the
exposure I wanted for me I didn't need
any more I was like whatever I just
wanted to make better means because I
don't want to be watched feel like if
something goes on Peter Pan it's like
okay it's like okay this is definitely
just reach this global audience that's
why it's on here you mean it's
mainstream normally [__] [__]
garbage and it's dead because he's not
me man the night was pissing me off of
that point like I seen everywhere who's
getting me to the point where it's like
then like my other stuffs better now
that you are able to put your [__]
personality in your face into stuff like
you yourself becomes like a meme yeah I
mean like that's not as possible to
attribute like you're all this stuff to
your personality or like you want to
have this happen what's happening now it
really pissed me off was like people are
saying that I changed the dream see it
happen Lou you changed I don't think
people that say you change is just blind
[__] but they didn't
you chain yeah I'm gay yeah they're just
being blind [__] retards I wouldn't
look into something that much I I
stopped reading [__] comments I so
read them they're always positive on my
comments like it was just specific when
you get a 99% like positive rice shot
just like any Bri that 1% you really
just dig into it so I just don't really
get that one person anymore you know I
just know I do but like you start
reading I don't know like I'm not saying
like I don't get any hate of course I do
but like Jesus Christ the [__] people
who like me yeah well I mean what Chad
sang is which is quite common you read a
lot of people read a hundred good
comments and then you read one bad I
totally it's like like [__] its dude
this dude said this like that affects me
I don't counteract that by reading these
hundred positive behind that is I've
never seen that person outside the house
I've never had someone come up to me a
person be like and your vids suck so I
know that that [__] person is just
some garbage cave-dweller it's not when
we come out of his house and say
something to me I can remember what
celebrity said it but someone said that
all the people that [__] talked them on
Twitter or or whatever even when they
meet them in real life and they know
it's the same dude they're always like
no one is ever gonna [__] top them they
still ask for a signature well they just
want to you know I had a weird
interaction where I was with a friend I
was on a date recently with a friend and
she put me on here is your own story and
it looked like she was just like taking
a photo of me from the distance because
I said I'll make it look like you're
taking like a photo me and I don't know
so he replied to her like I hate that
[__] guy
blah blah blah by [__] hate that guy
the guy's a fat [__] and then I
replied to the message with the photo
myself he's like oh my god man I love
you so much I'm a big fan of the show
like you just called me a fat Rita and
then the second you know that I'm
talking you like sucking my [__] and
balls all of a sudden [__] weird I
like the car I like calm I like
backhanded comments with a guy podcast
was great these are the comments are
posted with like comments are great like
progress is great but so you need to
lose some weight you lose some weight
and I'm like oh honestly
I've canning having eating hamburger I'm
gonna be real fast
[Music]
[__] having me I have i sharp
hamburger I need a piss nothing happened
while you were gone man
juh man I got a question for you wait so
your videos are very heavily edited and
there's a lot of sound bites and memes
do you keep this is just like a personal
question do you keep like a sound folder
or anything or do you just constantly
Google [__] [__] that you want to put
in mostly Google you don't keep like a I
have one voice of it I have okay so what
I used to do on my main computer now
that I'm working here at my laptop I
don't have all my files but what I would
do is I would research through every
file on my computer so if I had I was
while editing a video and I'm like
alright this would be funny if I put the
[__] site that's the wrong number 57
I just searched my computer do I have it
on my computer no
I don't I don't go through my organized
when you download it do you add it to an
organized file you like oh do I feel
like if you're working with so much
[__] sound bite like meme sound bites
could be it would be a big help to you
to save [__] and just keep it all in a
you know like an organized way
it's [__] animal do you see this
[__] is ass see what it's a
master of cold ones
it's I can't eat it
don't do this to me wait it going lost
the sucker just to crawl down my throat
Adam
my name is a chef can I have a hamburger
a big s 5 terabyte car grab at home
and I was just putting every every time
I made a video I took all the files from
it I'd stuff it in there and I just and
it would happen contain all the files
that are downloaded for that video
everything is straight up for my brain
nothing Chrome I thought Ali researcher
I'm editing the I do I go through it I
was like so funny if I just put the
sound effect in my mind didn't so you
constantly think you remember and you're
constantly thinking things that sounds
like a skill it is skills I doesn't feel
like I have that skill that's why
[__] always telling me like you
always doesn't work out shut up that's
maybe you know for like some phase
[__] are you you know I mean like
easily make you sound like you some
editing cog bar it's not like I'm really
not but it's and he's the biggest cog
out of all of us man he turns the system
but definitely like a full sack youtuber
I know how to add it really good so I
spent a lot of time of years learning
how to do that since I was like 14 and
I'm also starting to learn how to use my
face and my influence and all that you
know he can't edit Chad everyone's like
don't use Sony Vegas um I used to edit
you see my outfits drank the Ouachita by
you trying to [__] kill me [__] I'm
not the one who said all those slurs if
you weren't saying the most beeps you
wouldn't have to drink that
this man is eating in tissue why do you
want eating paper bro just like one of
those memes that you do in your kid but
like you're an adult now no yeah I
[__] really wish we got we had got
Attica on here it was it was going to
happen but he just [__] was going
crazy and I was just like he was one of
the was because when I asked him to come
out he just got arrested he was like I
can't my possible yeah but she it was a
bit crazy for him yeah and the time in
general yeah it was like that's a bit
full I wanted to meet him so bad dude
that's why I [__] know I wanted to
meet him first
I saw sign before he was one of your
[__] Arnold surely yeah like I have
like I was still paid you like my
[__] life and the Etica is definitely
a big chunk of it it's like in edit
whose name I beat I [__] you up
for a while yeah you didn't [__] me I
mean that's why I make him serve Edie I
don't like what the [__] with the drama
but I had say yesterday because I got
ahead in I think that was the first like
celebrity that had passed away that is
more of like an impact on my life around
me then anyone else like because a lot
of the time celebrities die or whatever
and people always act super emotional
I'm like you know that [__] person
yeah like I I didn't really know the guy
but that affected me more than Erica
Dantas to authenticity that's why people
[__] law there's so much cuz so real
even before and mental illness you stole
real and such a motivation because he
was like you're so smart you could tell
he's so smart he's such a smart [__]
person and he would have gone far we
yeah we had a lot of intro I mean I had
a lot of interactions with messaging and
stuff like that and just feel it like
you know it like you said like when
someone possible I like when other
youtubers like Christie and Grammy know
that possible are most like Sam like I
never really knew I I knew of her feels
weird because it was like I had genuine
conversations with sky and interaction I
can't imagine how many other people did
so I'm not saying I was special or
anything but it was like we message each
other like we've had an interaction with
this guy he's spoken about us
we've both inspired each other we've
I've looked into him I watched his
dreams he's inspired me it feels weird
knowing that this person is no longer
with us because you've lived your whole
life through looking at them through a
screen and they'll always be on your
screens I'll always be videos of attica
but knowing there will be no more videos
new videos of Etica is like the part
where you like oh damn so this is
actually has happened just a lot of
people to think like well he's actually
gone yeah it's very surreal
didn't matter what the [__] you posted
you could just tell like the genuineness
of him as a person as a black man
especially you could [__] attract it
everyone and he liked people too
like to this day I'm so friends super
close friends with people they when I
the first time I ever left my city I
mean more like first time I've ever been
in the u.s. I went to go meet guys who
were friends Atika it's right after he
died and about subconscious oh yeah
these guys were so small had no subs
nothing but he would like love them you
know same with you I the interactions
with people he knew any interactions
with him and captain Nintendo dude and
all his people I had spoken to them just
that just Deanna's you know you live in
other countries Chicago to see them but
messaging them scoping them discarding
assist is this good as a blind person
meeting somebody nice and you had all
these interaction with people and you're
like this guy doesn't give a [__] about
sobs he doesn't give a [__] he just sees
a genuine guy yeah he's a bit [__]
nuts but who isn't you know and he was
just it was just an all right like
around [__] genuine guy and he knew
anything he said he'd never lie he was
always genuine about who he was and how
he spoke to people and how he interacted
with he combined his smarts with YouTube
and being genuine like he knew that he
was but he lost so much when he died so
much we lost so much but still even
after his death he left so much behind
he left see what he gives he wanted to
[__] leave a message as well about
like [__] creating your mental health
social media and YouTube and stuff like
that had he lived he would have done
great things but even after his death
he's still doing great things and before
his death you could tell like he knew
from the beginning that he was gonna be
cause like all legends start somewhere
there's something that's in my Twitter
bio that's random or etiqa and when he
passed by whether or not his videos we
airing 100k views or a million views you
know that if he was ever gone or if he
ever stopped everything that he had done
would always be looked back upon and
people that are inspired by him and even
if at the time he wasn't doing as good
as he used to be he's still left behind
some sort of legacy that people can look
at and be like that's who I want to be
that's how I want to be on Twitter were
just like [__] even get recognition for
like clips in something that no one
would know the name of the person but
his clips were everywhere it were
everywhere it's like brand awareness and
like not specifically to whatever but
like his stuff was spread on whoever's
account or where it was posted like just
because it was funny in general
rather than being from a content
creators Channel what a [__] legend
bro everyone's loved a he was he was a
he wanted everyone to be real but he was
a real [__] absolute [__] legend
real [__] man empty glass one more shot
for max man - Erica joy calm voice I
mean I play with the pro controller but
joy go boys okay so you've got three
channels what's the thought process
behind that is your second channel
essentially have more subs in your
[__] main channel my second channel
is definitely has more clout and
exposure to my main channel I built a
lot of sites you made to mad fest and
then to mad 360 yeah - mad gang yeah -
my 360 was originally like a live stream
highlight Channel and it got 100 K per
view our video i'll i stream felt like
thighs shame highlight which is a lot
cuz actually she didn't even get that as
he was getting 10k viewers the uploading
highlights he wouldn't get as many views
as I was getting hey good videos I had a
360 channel and eventually you start
posting different content and
experimenting on that I block because of
the my [__] life strohman shared with
the goodnight girl thing I was like I
like this content way better than my
gaming channel all the people who served
in my gaming even though it's more like
almost double of my other channel I was
like they all just want gaming content
and I just I can put that out but like
not as because this is like going on as
you've done there face reveal and you've
started doing yeah more content that you
can use [__] everything for yeah like
the future of me is two minute 360 I
changed I just recently the [__] is -
Matt gang about then so you mad gang is
just okay so this is this like game
theory for [__] - mad videos I do
what else expressed oh I want to like
just talk to the [__] camera they
just tosses it's like let's be real sort
of thing it's sort of like is that how
you're gonna continue that channel
yeah just like sorta just talking
because like when I meant when I want to
make a six minute video on either my
challenge it's gonna be [__] like
edited hard right like security video
that's I worked are in it because I
don't make system
but if I going to my gang it's just me
talking about something it's many videos
nothing well that's a massive break fee
because your other your like original
videos even though it is gameplay it's
like 90% chaotic editing 10% gameplay on
most videos so that is like for most
people to see that they like wow like
he's being he's being right he's a real
person even unlike the keemstar keep
stirring the James TV both of them even
that you're still maiming constantly and
it's like you're not being yourself a
lot of the time you constantly you're
like almost pushing there and then it's
like me me me and it's not even
intentionally I walk like especially
James Carr James kid when I was like I
wanted to meme it but it's like I went
serious and people still thought I was a
[__] joke
both those videos I think oh really it's
just me making it the way I wanted to
but still getting that comes across
that's your like personality it's like
I'll start understanding if you're
schizophrenic or not because you
descanse Lee [__] around everyone we
have the argument like I was just joking
I was like well you really pissed me off
man what was that about long story I
would love to hear that story because he
was like you're gonna break up with her
and then I actually or I got with a
literally like we said please cut this
president's [__] this is good this is
about each other you what they want real
moments bro the audience wants real mods
yeah let me tell you the real I [__]
love you I wish I could like Colin Prez
oh I wish I could like turn into a
spirit with you you want to send with
him and [__] him in the spirit you said
with this [__] [__]
so love you nice person so you've got
you've got to know Chad while you've
been living with him and you like him
now a lot more than you did original I
liked him the whole time like I said it
was just a retirement him it was just me
[__] trying to be [__] you know she's
trying to [__] be like I was trying
to match your love like if you're you're
very young and you've been where have
you traveled outside of Canada you went
to Japan I suppose Japan in America
Japan
and this is your longest stay in
Australia like that sorry yeah pretty
much because I I plan to be out for
three months and then go from switch
gone back home I said [__] it
Melbourne for today I just went for a
long time [__] I stay here because my
best friend lived here for 10 years and
[__] who the [__] who is that
his name's honor he's a guy he's a nice
guy I met he's had a [__] he literally
came this is the old guy right yes what
what did he do he's a role model for me
man like what did he do for just
integrity and he showed me like gotta be
you showed me integrity [__] kids for a
job did he not heat all he does what he
does for job is he's [__] not rich
[__] yes he's a [__] he's a [__]
pharmacist he was studying like pharmacy
nyet to go through a few years of the
training and [__] how did you maintain
him then he just can't my house cuz he
needed to get ok but how did you meet
him yeah Shelby houses so you
Pharmaceuticals he literally kid my
house cuz he needed a place to stay
while he's in my city ok but how did you
meet on Facebook I'm streaming overwatch
and someone's at the door
and you guys downstairs
what case are you at your home as
witness no I mean to say you
pharmaceuticals I'm 37
can I come in and that's how they met
and then he came is that is that true
because I'm asking how do you know the
guy can't listen to me he needed
somewhere to stay for six months because
he was doing the pharmaceutical he has
to work listen be come by please for the
logos how did you made him that
kill you what's your first interaction
god you son of a [__] you will put some
garbage go I won't speak O Lord God God
God he came to my he's surely not
[Laughter]
[Music]
friends son okay so you're giving some
contest by dad's friend who's his dad so
my best friend's dad mmm-hmm he's he got
broken out of jail they broke him out of
jail with a bomb he's abused and African
Wars they're using second wars meiotic
believe this him he was in Africa Wars
he got broken out of jail because the
rebels were holding him for ransom and
then to break him out they gave him the
money in the ransom but they wouldn't
let him go they were gonna kill him and
they broke him out of jail he went
through so much [__] he can't move to
Canada somehow maybe seized his son he
care about house cuz he needed to work
for six months that's the context I
wanted
so he knew your dad right no my dad
that's what I mean he wasn't in prison
yet but he wasn't a random dude it was
like I've got some potions to sell you
that's what he did though you didn't
give my door me being awkward like 14
year old i boned the door yo sirens come
with good with the Kabir psych yeah and
I want him to [__] off right cuz I was
like oh [__] my dad's friends he
whatever that's it my room he literally
like he was like all those kids being
awkward as [__] I'm better hit him so he
comes in my [__] tiny room tiniest
Errol need just sits down on the bed he
starts talking to me have a conversation
he broke the ice so then that's why I
met him and then from there on he just
like is he like a legitimate just such a
nice person he just wants to help people
yeah I mean that's cool that's what I
wanted to hear at least something you're
constantly naked you work you've got
closed [__] yeah I think you've get
dressed here in the office you [__]
weirdo well no I just like I sleep naked
you know that's [__] hard I wish I
should just come into your room and just
take all the blankets or you would have
to you're gonna have to start sleeping
naked because it's summer now yeah stop
it's getting hot I turned the aircon the
one and conditioning in the house that
cools the place yeah I wake up I got a
bed nice and cool and I wake up in a hot
sweat I'm like why is it so hot in this
house I walk out [__] bathroom door
is wide open with the window letting hot
air in you that there were no open car
it doesn't matter I close the bathroom
door in his room his window is are wide
open with hot air coming in I was closed
I walk into the laundry the laundry is
wide open letting air in all the windows
what would you do that I did not he did
can't Oh shun what did you say that's
[__] stuff like he he left
in bella bella loves bottles she grabbed
a juice bar was chewing out half full
juice world and spills all over the
floor instead of just swiping it up
which would take a second he lays a
bunch of paper towels across degree it's
like he's soaking it up man no just wipe
it up it soaks up instantly mate it's
not true it does fries a steak in the
pan he burns it there's an Instagram
story same prison that in Scripture you
burn the steak and sausages he's trying
to wash the pan in grease all over the
pan and the scrub all through the table
I couldn't put the clip in of Homer
Simpson polishing his head in the
bowling Bowl polisher and Barney's
bowling is the outro you ready intro
intro game a soap make sure you want to
make sure use he's allowed to say that
wherever source answerís also not not
for the intro this bar guys suck putting
it off I'm not drunk
by the sight of the people out there
watching your videos right I'm gonna
wake up the [__] away
[Music]